June 20
Yes, right.
Yes, of course.
We'll send it over tonight!
Yes, we're truly sorry.
We hope you'll continue—
Schedule
Name           Destination         Returning By
Chief
Suzuki
Sasaki
Ishida
Watanabe
Itou
Yamamoto
Takahashi
Mori
6/20 - 7/4
Taiwan Business Trip
Rounds
Back at 5 PM
Couldn't he have done a smooth handover
of tasks before leaving on his trip?
Bye. Hold down the fort.
It came out of nowhere.
And he's overseas, to boot.
Sasaki-san, I'm sorry!
I forgot one of the estimates!
Call the client and let them know first.
Sorry, Sasaki-san!
The Itou-kun who joined us
this year is AWOL. What do I do?
What? Wasn't he in charge
of some documents?
That's exactly it. He even
took them home with him.
Got it. I'll go call on him.
Text me his address.
Will do!
Send
Estimate...
Oh, crap!
Lock
Sleep
Shutdown
Reboot
See you tomorrow.
Thank you for your patience.
The last train for Shimaida is departing
from platform number 2.
Gah.
Alarm
Snooze
Stop
June 21
Huh?
Damn it, I'm out.
Genki Trading
Today, I need to make an order form,
go say hi to a new supplier, and then...
Excuse me, Sasaki-san.
One of my family members
just collapsed and got hospitalized...
Oh, it's okay. Go see them.
If you've got any urgent work,
I'll take care of it.
Thank you so much!
Hello? Yeah, I'll be right there.
Got it.
It's all this.
I'm sorry to leave it to you.
Sorry, Sasaki-san, that Itou-kun
isn't here today either.
What do I do?
Sasaki-san?!
Alarm
Snooze
Stop
June 22
Sasaki! I can't take this anymore!
You're doing great, man.
Keep doing what you're doing.
Okay.
Alarm
Snooze
Stop
June 23
Alarm
Snooze
Stop
June 27
Alarm
Snooze
Stop
I'm back, everyone!
I brought souvenirs.
Make sure our clients get them.
What's wrong?
Don't tell me you're slacking
because of the rain!
It's finally over...
The 14 straight workdays of death.
I somehow got through it.
What did we do to deserve this?
And this blasted rain just won't let up.
Oh, there you are.
What's up?
Long time no see, Tayama-san.
Are you all out of energy?
I kinda need you for something.
Sure, if I can be of help.
Hey, teru teru bozu charms
for good weather.
This takes me back.
The manager hangs them up
every year during rainy season.
We let kids who visit draw faces on them,
and we employees draw some, too.
Huh...
I was told to do my share, but...
I get it. I suck at this, don't I?
No...
Take a long, hard look and say that again.
Art is individuality. Art is expression.
There you have it.
Draw some for me, Sasaki-san.
Draw, huh?
Not your strong suit?
Well...
I do doodle to keep me awake
during meetings,
but I don't know if that can
truly be called drawing.
Done.
Gotooooooou
Why the manager?
It really looks like her, too.
Man, that's so funny.
I did draw your manager,
so you're next.
Hey, that's cute.
You were really easy to draw.
Must be because you're
always looking at me.
Guess I'll draw you, too.
Wow, that's good.
What, this?
The cigarette.
I'm pretty fond of rainy days.
The smoke is more visible,
and it even tastes better than usual.
But I've been so busy,
I completely forgot about all that.
It's because I smoke here that I...
I...
Yeah.
Good night, Sasaki-san.
Alarm
Snooze
Stop
Damn it.
I forgot to turn off the alarm.
I mean, I was so tired,
I dozed off next to Tayama-san.
I need to rest all day...
Huh?
Proud of ya
The heck?
W-Wait, is this...
Tayama-san?
Tayama-san, this is oil-based ink...
July 5
First day off in 15
Proud of ya
24-Hour
Supermarket S
Tanabata Wishes
Staff teru teru bozu
Let's secure good weather
for Tanabata
Well-done Pork Bone Broth
Extra-Large Ramen
Time to eat—
Didn't you say you were
laying off the ramen for a while?
It's fine. I'll work off what I eat.
You don't say.
I'm sorry to break it to you
when you're all motivated to work,
but you're getting off early today.
Huh? Tell me that
before I take my meal break.
Can you blame me?
We're not getting any footfall today.
I don't want to waste money on pay.
And you're the most flexible
when it comes to shifts.
Or would you rather stay and help check
the expiry dates on the frozen foods?
All right, I'll head out.
Man, if she'd told me sooner, I could've
gone to a ramen place on the way home.
Can't be bothered with makeup.
I'll just buy some booze, smoke one
in the back, go home, and sleep.
Too bad, Sasaki-san.
Yamada-san won't be here tonight.
Speak of the devil.
He got off at a normal time today?
I could take this chance
to scare him from behind.
What's up?
Whoa!
But that's old hat by now.
Sasaki-san.
Good evening.
Sasaki-san! Your basket!
Sorry about that! Good evening!
Are you okay?
Satisfaction 100%
I-I'm fine. I was just zoning out
and dropped it.
She's in casual clothes?
Am I allowed to get a pick-me-up
from Yamada-san out of uniform?
You know you're not.
Don't you stare at her.
Play it natural.
Everyone has casual clothes.
Even I wear them!
Sasaki-san.
Here you are.
Thank you very much.
Jugemu Jugemu Goko-no-Surikire
Kaijari Suigyo No...
Jugemu Jugemu Goko-no-Surikire Kaijari-Suigyo No...
Were you looking at snacks?
Yes, to have with drinks.
Maybe I'll get something, too.
Hey, these cookies are really good.
Is that so?
Oh, they've got a new flavor.
But if I get something sweet,
I'll also want something savory.
Hmm...
Yamada-san.
You see the three cigarettes here?
Can you assign each
to one of those snacks?
Okay...
I'm done.
Thank you.
That's the one.
The one that popped out
is the snack you want.
Oh, sorry. I shouldn't
be deciding for you.
I'll take it!
Do you use that method often?
I do.
It's more of a superstition for me.
If the first one pops out,
I'll get to go home early today.
If it's the second one,
I'll get a day off this week.
And if it's the third one,
at the register today...
Never mind.
I'm glad you could decide on a snack.
I'll be going now.
Take care on your way home.
I will. You too, Sasaki-san.
"And if it's the third one,
Yamada-san will be
manning a register today."
It's obvious even if you cut yourself off,
Mr. Trying-to-Keep-it-Classy.
If the third one pops out, he'll realize.
If it's the second one, he won't.
And if it's the first...
I think that means something bad's
going to happen to Sasaki-san.
I've done it now!
I was so distracted by
Yamada-san in casual wear
that I forgot I had this
magazine under my arm!
I took it out without paying for it!
Office
Sir.
We take a very dim view of shoplifting.
I'm sorry. I didn't mean to.
Everybody says that, Sasaki-kun.
24-Hour
Supermarket S
I'm truly sorry!
Translation: Sriram Gurunathan
Editing & Typesetting: Geoff Mazzolini
Subtitle Timing: Krzysztof Kunc
Quality Check: Zachary Carlysle
Translation Check: Sho Stifler